What is robbery?
We're here to get justice for my lady
Hey, I've never seen it before.
Shameless people like you
Obviously this idiot stole our territory first
Rob us again
Why should he seek justice?
Don't say it, they're just playing on a topic
Damn cripple can't see that you're pretty smart
We just play off the topic
Weren't you still very arrogant just now?
Don't you even look down on the four major gangs?
Why are you cowardly now that President Hong has come?
Which eye did you see that we were cowardly?
You're going to die, you're going to socialize.
I kind of appreciate it.
Seeing that you are holding a sword, you should also be a martial artist
But it's just you.
Can you win the brothers of the Suzaku Club?
A group of local chickens and dogs
I don't think so
Why are you afraid?
Humph cripple
Didn't you always say how amazing your dad was?
Look at him now
I bah Wang Xiaoyan
I was too soft on you before
I really won't let you go this time.
Leave me alone, cripple
Don't you still think
That devil will come to save you
What is a devil
Don't say he can't make it.
Even if it comes
He is just a tiger
Just a dog
How to talk to my husband, right?
Husband, what's the matter with you?
Are you talking?
Yes, President Hong has come
Say a word
Brother, brother, forgive me.